hi rikki on both sides the coldest place
Earth is antarctica and there is in vostok
station
once minus 89 point 2 degrees
measured in 1983 but no one lives there
so that does n't count no the coldest either
habitable place and I use
lots of quotes like me
say
habitable place is in russian
Siberia there is a small one
Russian village came to you came to you
you head in to you it is average
minus 50 degrees every day that's a lot
colder than incredibly cold around you could
lies in two public sacha that cares
upset
and is yes carriage which does not mean
friends with barrels that name they have
because there is a hot water source
is in the earth and they might be
not standing with each other but without that
no hot water source had lived there
and sometimes the location does not
especially northern are getting very cold
because he village is shielded from
warm air flows and people live there
it is 1932 no less than 521 live there
people also have the surrounding here
cities had a fight because of football
they are there to fight off death
by well actually it's cold there is
seriously a huge fight between the
villages that really has the coldest village
okay to get your compass out of it already
account
minus 67 degrees and in the summer it is
just again plus 30 that is a difference
of 100 degrees
if you like to go
from the Netherlands after you come to travel
is 150 hours by car
us there is zero traffic but unfortunately you can
do not park because the land is permanent
or because there is no more herring in it
I am curious about your son you
like to go to such a coudorp to
see how it is there
how they live there or something like that
hey domains nice hawaii
with a cocktail cocktail and that
I also think it's fine
let us hear in the comments and thanks
for watching